README.md, before:

# _Scala_

- _Stacey Koornneef_
- _stacey.koornneef@uoit.net_

## About the language

> Scala is a high-level programming language that combines object-oriented programming and functional programming.  It was first developed in 2004 by Martin Odersky in Switzerland.  It is based on the language Funnel and is built upon the JVM.  Some of Scala's interesting features include anonymous functions and it's ability to allow the programmer to choose if a variable is immutable.
>

## About the syntax

*Do-While Loop*

```scala
var count = 1
do {
      count += 1
      println(s"Counting: $count")
} while (count <= 5)
```

## About the tools

>Similat to Clojure, Scala is built upon the JVM and runs from the terminal.  There are also plugins for IntelliJ IDEA.

## About the standard library

> The Scala standard library is called root.  It includes basics such as int, sloat, and array types, as well as functions such as println

## About open source library

> _Describe at least one contribution by the open source
community written in the language._

# Analysis of the language

> _Organize your report according to the project description
document_.

Commit message:

added information about an open source library

README.md, after:

# _Scala_

- _Stacey Koornneef_
- _stacey.koornneef@uoit.net_

## About the language

> Scala is a high-level programming language that combines object-oriented programming and functional programming.  It was first developed in 2004 by Martin Odersky in Switzerland.  It is based on the language Funnel and is built upon the JVM.  Some of Scala's interesting features include anonymous functions and it's ability to allow the programmer to choose if a variable is immutable.
>

## About the syntax

*Do-While Loop*

```scala
var count = 1
do {
      count += 1
      println(s"Counting: $count")
} while (count <= 5)
```

## About the tools

>Similat to Clojure, Scala is built upon the JVM and runs from the terminal.  There are also plugins for IntelliJ IDEA.

## About the standard library

> The Scala standard library is called root.  It includes basics such as int, sloat, and array types, as well as functions such as println

## About open source library

> The SourceCode library provides sourcecode metadata for your Scala program, which is helpful for dubegging.  The library is available via an implicit in the program.  The library can be found at https://github.com/lihaoyi/sourcecode
